everyone we are in our office I'm gonna
give you a little tour as John brings in
some more stuff obviously nothing like
barely any of our stuff is here yet but
we have some shelving units in we're
gonna display our stuff here this do not
worry this is not how it's gonna stay we
obviously are gonna have this looking a
lot better we just had to empty some
boxes when we brought him over so we
could fill them back up again our stuff
this area right here this table this is
going to be our place that table as you
can see I have the catacombs up sort of
we're going to put our other castles in
the Equestria stage here we're gonna
have the shrining armor and cadance
castle so shining armor and cannons
we'll be living over here with Twilight
and Tegan is very impressed with our
office as you can see over here is gonna
be our storage room where we keep some
of our extra stuff that we donate we
donate a couple times a year to a local
charity and also some stuff that we need
to review we'll be putting in here have
you showed off our things I have not
this used to be a doctor's office so we
have a sink in here that works and this
is Teagan's room this is play area right
now and we have a sink in here that
works no excuse not to wash your hands
Ben I know this is teegan's little play
floor right now we'll have more toys in
here for him
we're still moving in
I'll be right back I got more toys to
bring in okay this is our hallway just
all the way down there get out there's
some other office spaces that are for
rent nobody's in here yet or by
ourselves and down here there is a a
bathroom in there for us yeah and a
little break room in here we're not
really sure if we're gonna use it but
you're a little bit room with a sink and
refrigerator another load here main
ponys have arrived these lunch boxes
down here yeah are these lunch boxes Oni
are filled with ponies or place that
accessories a little behind the scenes
people were asking what we used for
props in our shining armor saves
Christmas sees fisher-price loving
family playsets these are awesome yeah
they were perfect for us and we'll get
back to bin versus John someday we just
found this at Toys R Us yesterday how
cool is that I've been wanting these
pop-up magic games and they had a frozen
one so I picked it up and if you're
wondering here's our old friend Furby
yes he's here but his batteries have
corroded I don't know if you can see
that her be back to life but he's taking
a little nap right now this is not
permanent we just threw stuff up here to
get it out of our totes yes we have a
lot of setting up to do a lot a lot a
lot we have a lot of stuff distant bags
like this so we have to go through and
boxes in each of the boxes I I did scan
over the boxes yes
this is just part of I said that's it I
said that we don't really have anything
here yet no this is just like a fraction
of yeah what we have to bring over
you